Metadata for "supplemental_points_tree_shrub_herb_supp_bare.csv"

This dataset is a compilation of training data for supervised classification of the 2018 East River NEON AOP dataset. The compilation was done by Ian Breckheimer at Rocky Mountain Biological Laboratory (ikb@rmbl.org). Sources include field-identified tree shrub and herb pure pixels collected in the East River 2018 AOP field campaign, as well as meadow plot data collected as part of that same campaign. Meadow plots consisting of greater than 50% horizontal cover of a single species are classified by species, and meadow plots without a single dominant were classified according to elevation substrate, hillslope position, and apparent greenness (NDVI). The field-classified data was supplemented by additional points for several species that were heads-up digitized from 3cm resolution UAV imagery collected in summer of 2019, as well as supplemental points representing non-vegetated cover classes, which were heads-up digitized from high-resolution aerial imagery (NAIP DOQQs),1:24,000 scale geologic maps prepared by the Colorado Geological Survey, and local field knowledge. Point coordinates represent plot centers (determined by averaging corner coordinates), or the centers of field-digitized tree and shrub crowns.

Variable	Type	Units	Explanation
SampleID	Categorical	None	Unique identifier for each sample.
longitude	Numeric	Decimal Degrees	longitude of sample in WGS84 geographic coordinates.
latitude	Numeric	Decimal Degrees	latitude of sample in WGS84 geographic coordinates.
Easting	Numeric	Meters	X coordinate of sample in projected coordinates (EPSG:32613, WGS84/UTM Zone 13N).
Northing	Numeric	Meters	Y coordinate of sample in projected coordinates (EPSG:32613, WGS84/UTM Zone 13N).
class	Categorical	None	Map class category. For trees, shrubs, and herbs, this is the botanical genus name.
classnum	Categorical	None	Numeric code for each map class category.
subclass	Categorical	None	Map class subcategory. For trees, shrubs, and herbs, this is the botanical species name.
type	Categorical	None	The type of entity the point represents. 
Source	Categorical	None	The source of the points.



